MQE: Add support for histogram_quantile (#9929)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # applies if the Mimir query engine is in use.
  # CLI flag: -querier.mimir-query-engine.enable-subqueries
  [enable_subqueries: <boolean> | default = true]

>   # (experimental) Enable support for classic histogram functions in Mimir's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Enable support for classic histogram functions in the Mimir
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid using product names as possessives. We can say `the Mimir query engine` instead, like you already have below 😄

>   # query engine. Only applies if the histogram function is supported by MQE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # query engine. Only applies if MQE supports the histogram function.
```

Reviewer: We can use active voice here.
